chore: Change ints to 'number' for ProgressEvent properties (#39574)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/progressevent/loaded/index.md

{{APIRef("XMLHttpRequest API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

The **`ProgressEvent.loaded`** read-only property is a double-precision floating point value
indicating the size, in bytes, of the data already transmitted or processed. The ratio can be calculated by dividing the value of this property by `ProgressEvent.total`.
When downloading a resource using HTTP, this only counts the body of the HTTP message, and doesn't include headers and other overhead.

Note that for compressed requests of unknown total size, `loaded` might contain the size of the compressed, or decompressed, data, depending on the browser. As of 2024, it contains the size of the compressed data in Firefox, and the size of the uncompressed data in Chrome.

## Value

> A `double`.

Reviewer: Suggest to just use a "number", or "a floating-point number" if you wish

Author: Yes that's better, it would be great to get a guideline for this established.

Author: >In MDN docs we use "integer" to refer things that are integers, and "number" for things that are defined in the spec as any kind of floating point (a defacto standard).

Thinking about it, and "number" is better here after all. We need a page for readers that explains why it's like this on MDN going from IDL to JS land.

> A `double`.

Author: ```suggestion
A floating-point number.
```

{{APIRef("XMLHttpRequest API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`ProgressEvent.loaded`** read-only property is a double-precision floating point value

Author: ```suggestion
The **`ProgressEvent.loaded`** read-only property is a number
```
